<body>
  <h1>Meeting Minutes</h1>
 <section>
    <h2>Fall 2023</h2>
  <h3>September 26, 2023 Meeting</h3>
    <ul>
    <li><a href="./2023-09-26/ru_slug_intro.pdf">RU SLUG - Inaugural Meeting Slides
    (PDF)</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://arxius.io/a/72891b49">Photos</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>
  <div>
  <h3>October 23, 2023 Meeting</h3>
    <ul>
    <li><a href="./2023-10-23/">Photos</a></li>
    </ul>
  </div>

  <div>
    <h3>October 30, 2023 Meeting</h3>
    <p>We discussed different topics that we could focus on for future
     meetings. These include common Linux software and components,
     older Unix hardware, similar operating systems such as FreeBSD,
     as well as historical topics such as Microsoft's leaked
     "Halloween documents."</p> For more information, please check the
    <a href="./wanted.html">list of wanted topics</a>.</p>
</div>
<div>
<div>
  <h3>November 6, 2023 Meeting</h3>
  <p>We had several people volunteer to run future meetings on topics
  of their choice, including PGP encryption, shell scripting, Nix,
  free BIOSes, and BSD.</p>
</div>
<div>
  <h3>December 11, 2023 Meeting</h3>
  <p>Nick D. gave a presentation on BSD and Miles brought in his 1986
  Macintosh SE. We discussed splitting meetings into multiple
    parts.</p>
  <p><a href="../resources/bsd.pdf">Meeting slides</a></p>
</div>
<div>
  <h3>December 18, 2023 Meeting</h3>
  <p>This was our end-of-year party and the last meeting for the Fall
  2023 semester. Mike introduced
  the <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pascal_(programming_language)">Pascal
  programming language</a> to our 6502 challenge -- individual
  members creating their
  own <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MOS_Technology_6502">6502
  microprocessor</a> emulator in a language of one's own choice.</p>
</div>
</section>

<section>
  <h2>Spring 2024</h2>
<div>
  <h3>January 26, 2024 Meeting</h3>
  <p>This was a mostly administrative meeting concerning how meetings
  are to be held for the rest of the semester. As we had recently
  acquired funding under our provisional status, much of our
  discussion oriented towards allocating our funds towards potential
  meetings. As a result, we then focused on creating a plan to create
  a schedule, recruit new members, and find volunteers to host
  meetings.</p>
</div>
</section>

<section>
  <h2>Spring 2024</h2>
<div>
  <h3>January 26, 2024 Meeting</h3>
  <p>This was a mostly administrative meeting concerning how meetings
  are to be held for the rest of the semester. As we had recently
  acquired funding under our provisional status, much of our
  discussion oriented towards allocating our funds towards potential
  meetings. As a result, we then focused on creating a plan to create
  a schedule, recruit new members, and find volunteers to host
  meetings.</p>
</div>

<div>
  <h3>February 8th, 2024 Meeting</h3>
  <p>Mannan presented GPG encrpytion and its practical uses, demoed local file encrpytion and email encryption, how to distribute public keys and archive private keys. There was discussion about the upcoming Installfest and a spirited conversation about recruitment priorities and the direction RUSLUG should take in the future.</p>
<p><a href="../resources/gpg.pdf">Meeting slides</a></p>
</div>
</section>

<div>
  <h2>Future Meetings</h2>
  <p>Check the <a href="./wanted.html">list of topics for future
      meetings.</a></p>
  </div>
  <div><br /></div>
  <div>
    <p>This page is cowritten by Nicholas Di Girolamo, Harrison
    Vallswort, and Mannan Shukla</p>
  </div>
</body>
